Last time on "Yu-Gi-Oh!
Zexal..."
(laughing)
Well, look who it is.
Yuma and Astral.
Number 96!
You are the one causing havoc in
both our worlds.
Yes, I am.
Look.
And I'm not just destroying
your worlds.
My unrelenting power is
devastating Barian World
as well.
I've been looking forward
to our rematch.
Now say goodbye
to your friends!
Oh, no.
That's a Barian Sphere Field.
Duel!
Come on out, Chaos Number 39!
Utopia Ray victory!
I send Dark Storm's
Chaos Overlay Unit
to the graveyard
to take your Number.
(laughing)
Astral,
we're in trouble big time!
By using one
Chaos Overlay Unit,
all your monster, trap and spell
effects are rendered useless
until the end of the turn.
You have no defenses left.
This is the end!
(laughing)
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we'll feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today,
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
♪ Till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of
our souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together,
regretting never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light
comes shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
♪ ♪
(gulls crying)
Hey, Astral.
Sorry I'm late.
Detention again?
Uh... No!
My teacher just told me
to stay in school a while
after everybody else went home.
I believe that
is called detention.
(both laughing)
(both) Let's duel!
Ha ha!
Yuma.
I am truly glad that I met you.
I'm glad I met...
Hey, how come you're
telling me this now, Astral?
Yuma, I am entrusting
the Numbers to you.
Astral.
Thank you.
Yuma...
Yuma!
Astral!
What are we doing here?
Stay focused!
We are in the middle of a duel!
Ah!
Number 96!
What's wrong?
Were you daydreaming
again, Yuma?
Yuma looks out of it.
It must be the power
of the Sphere Field.
All those shocks
are sapping his energy.
Clueless little twerp!
He doesn't know what he's up
against here.
But it is fun to watch.
It's agony for them
in that Barian Sphere Field.
(laughing)
And I'm sure the worst
is still to come.
(Astral)
96's Heart-Earth Chaos Dragon
has left us vulnerable.
We must remedy this,
or we will lose the duel.
It's been fun, but all good
things must come to an end.
Heraldry Crest
of Horror, attack!
This is bad.
With this attack,
it's game over.
Yuma, you know what to do!
Yeah!
I can bring out Gagaga Gardna
to join the battle!
Even though that means I'll lose
my Swords of Burning Light,
I now have a monster
to defend with.
That won't help.
Heraldry Crest of Horror,
attack Gagaga Gardna!
I activate Gagaga Gardna's
special ability!
By sending Bacon Saver
to the graveyard,
my Gardna can't be destroyed.
Nice try, but you
still take damage.
Oh!
Yuma!
Astral!
This duel will be over
before you know it.
Dark Storm,
attack Gagaga Gardna!
I activate Dark Storm's
special ability.
By using one
Chaos Overlay Unit,
your Gagaga loses
its attack points
and Dark Storm
gegega-gets them all!
Yuma, this is the end!
I activate Bacon Saver's special
ability from the graveyard.
By banishing it, I don't take
any damage from your attack.
So I'm safe.
You don't know when to give up.
Tell the boy he can't win!
You are wrong.
We cannot lose.
Oh, really?
Heart-Earth Chaos Dragon,
attack Gagaga Gardna!
Oh!
Ah!
You have 500 life points left.
Neither of you is in
any shape to continue.
Save yourselves some pain.
Just quit.
Never.
No chance!
Have it your way,
but you'll regret it.
Heart-Earth Chaos Dragon's
special ability activates.
And the 3500 points of damage
you took this turn
are added to my life points!
Now I have 7500 life points...
jealous?
That's gonna make him
almost unbeatable.
I'll still take you down!
You know why?
Because it's me and Astral.
We have a bond
that nobody can break.
(groaning)
Yuma!
Yuma.
You have exhausted yourself.
You must rest for a while.
What're you talking about?
I don't need any rest.
I'm totally...
(groaning)
(crying)
Yuma.
Leave the rest to me!
Number 96, you have caused
enough harm here today.
It is time for your reign to
come to an end.
Prepare for your defeat because
I am feeling the flow!
Astral.
Yuma, please know
that I will always be there
to high five the sky with you.
Now, Number 96, let us duel!
Number 96, let us duel!
Fine by me.
The little kid wasn't
much of a challenge anyway.
Hopefully, you won't
disappoint me.
I activate Number Karma!
If you don't have a Number
on your field
at the end of your turn,
you take 500 points of damage.
And oh, my... that's all your
remaining life points!
It's over.
Not if Astral summons
a Number on his next turn.
It's all up to you now.
What do the cards
have in store?
I must summon a Number
to avoid defeat.
Fortunately, Number Return lets
me call back a Number
from my graveyard.
Which one shall I choose?
Currently, in our graveyard
we have Utopia, Heraldry Crest
and Heart-Earth Dragon.
I know in my heart
what I must choose.
My turn.
I draw!
It is time to feel the flow.
I activate the trap
Number Return.
It allows me to summon one
Number from my graveyard.
And which Number
will you select?
Will he pick Heraldry Crest?
Or go with
Heart-Earth Dragon?
I choose...
Number 39.
Utopia!
(Astral)
Now, my faithful friend,
I will use the remaining Numbers
in my graveyard
to increase your Overlay Units.
With two more powerful Numbers
in your graveyard,
you take Utopia?!
For sure!
39's always been our lucky
Number, right, Astral?
No matter how bad things get,
Utopia is always there for us.
That means a lot to me
and to Astral.
We believe in Utopia.
And Utopia believes in us!
Really?
Well, I believe that putting
your faith in friendship
leads to jealousy,
suspicion and betrayal.
If you're smart,
you'll all forget that
sentimental mumbo-jumbo,
so you'll never
be let down again.
Just look at me.
I never depend on anyone
but myself.
My power is all
that I ever will need!
Having friends and working
together's not mumbo jumbo!
Being part of a team,
part of something bigger
and more important
than just yourself,
that makes everybody better.
It makes everybody stronger.
It makes life mean something!
Yuma.
It is time for team work.
You got it.
Are you ready?
Let's do it.
It's time
to high five...
The sky!
(Yuma)
All right, it's time for you and
I to build the Overlay Network!
(Astral)
When two distant souls
become one,
the power of Zexal is revealed.
(both) Go Zexal Morph!
Number 96, you're through!
♪ ♪
Too little, too late.
You can't stop me now!
The bond Astral and I have has
the power to overcome anything.
Let's go, Utopia!
Chaos Xyz Evolution!
I summon Chaos Number 39,
Utopia Ray!
(laughing)
I activate Number Lockdown!
You can change your appearance,
but you can't change the fact
that you're a horrible duelist.
Now Utopia Ray can't attack or
use its special abilities.
And it's destroyed
at the end of the turn!
One more thing...
You'll take damage equal
to your monster's attack points!
That's more than enough
to finish him off.
He better think fast!
So what are you gonna do?
Yuma.
Okay.
Get ready.
I activate Xyz Treasure!
I draw one card from my deck for
every Xyz Monster on the field.
That means I get
to draw four cards.
So my hand's about to get
a lot more crowded.
A truly powerful duelist can
shape the outcome of a duel.
He can even generate the very
cards that he needs.
Go Shining Draw!
These four cards will be
the end of you, Number 96.
And I start it off with the
spell card Utopian Hope!
It breaks Utopia Ray
loose from its chains.
(groaning)
And since it's now free,
Utopia Ray regains
its special abilities.
By using an Overlay Unit,
it gains 500 attack points.
And it's triple the trouble
for you when I use all three.
Go Overlay Charge!
Even better,
one of your monsters also
loses 1000 attack points
for every Overlay Unit.
I select Heraldry
Crest of Horror.
Now I summon Zexal Weapon
Sleipnir Mail.
(galloping)
(neighing)
I equip it on to Utopia Ray.
Utopia Ray gets a power boost
equal to
Sleipnir's attack points.
And next, I activate
the spell Overtake Summon.
You're gonna help me out,
because I get to use
your monster's Overlay Unit
to summon a monster forme!
I summon Zexal Weapon
Asura Strike.
I equip it onto Utopia Ray
to further boost
its attack points.
And it gives Utopia Ray
more punch,
because it lets Utopia Ray
attack all three
of your monsters.
It attacks all three
of my monsters?
Number 96 may have
a ton of life points...
but this will crush him.
Go, Utopia Ray!
Attack Heart-Earth
Chaos Dragon first.
Aagh!
Not so fast!
I activate the trap
Chaos Alliance!
Now all my Chaos Numbers have
the same number of attack points
as the strongest monster
on my field, Dark Storm.
They all power up
to 2500 attack points!
Go, Rising Sun Asura Divider!
Aagh!
Keep going.
Take down Heraldry
Crest of Horror next.
If I destroy Dark Storm,
we'll win the duel.
I do not think so.
Have you forgotten?
If you destroy Dark Storm,
I'm not the only who takes
damage... we both do!
We'll go down
in defeat together.
That's so not gonna happen.
Go, Utopia Ray!
Attack Dark Storm.
(neighing)
Sleipnir Mail's
special ability activates
so Utopia Ray's
attack points become the same
as your Dark Storm.
Say what?
They'll both be destroyed!
Rising Sun Asura Divider!
This changes nothing!
We'll both still go down
in defeat together
because Number Karma will
deal us 500 points of damage
at the end of the turn.
I'll admit, it was a clever
attempt at success, Yuma.
But you've failed!
That's what you think,
Number 96.
Oh!
I activate Sleipnir Mail's
special ability!
When Utopia Ray is destroyed,
we can summon Utopia
from the graveyard.
This can't be!
Trust me, Number 96, it is.
Go!
Utopia, finish him off!
They did it!
They won!
Yeah, way to go, you two!
I knew we could do it, Astral.
(Astral) So did I.
(breathing heavily)
(Yuma)
I guess we're
a pretty good team.
I lost the duel.
I cannot believe it.
It's all over.
For you, that is!
(Astral) Can you stand, Yuma?
Yeah, I'm okay...
Astral!
You can't get rid
of me that easily.
You may have won the duel,
but I still have enough power
to finish you once and for all!
Yuma!
Astral!
(Number 96)
Yuma, your friend
can't help you anymore.
In fact, he can't even
help himself now!
Astral!
I will destroy everything.
You, your friends, everything!
(Astral)
I will not
let this happen.
Yuma...
it will be okay.
(Astral groaning)
(explosions)
Astral!
Astral?
Yuma, I am glad you are safe.
You totally got rid
of Number 96!
But we were supposed
to beat him together.
I could not take the chance
and risk your safety.
What?
We're a team.
Yes, we are...
and friends.
And I will always
treasure our friendship.
You have shown me again and
again its real meaning
and how precious
a bond it truly is.
Now I must go, my friend.
Huh?
Take care of the Numbers.
No.
No!
Astral, you can't go.
We need each other too much.
I need you, Astral.
Don't go!
Wait, Astral!
Astral!
Don't leave me!
Goodbye, my friend.
Astral!
We're home.
Hey, Astral!
Where are you?
Astral?
(crying)
♪ ♪
He's gone.
(shouting) He's gone!
♪ ♪